tenable_io: Document breaking-changes introduced in 4.0.0. (#14130)
elastic/integrations: packages/tenable_io/_dev/build/docs/README.md

5. Add all the required integration configuration parameters according to the enabled input type.
6. Click on "Save and Continue" to save the integration.

## Troubleshooting

### Breaking Changes

#### Support for Elastic Vulnerability Findings page.

Version `4.0.0` of the Tenable Vulnerability Management integration adds support for [Elastic Cloud Security workflow](https://www.elastic.co/docs/solutions/security/cloud/ingest-third-party-cloud-security-data#_ingest_third_party_security_posture_and_vulnerability_data). The enhancement enables the users of Tenable Vulnerability Management integration to ingest their enriched asset vulnerabilities from Tenable platform into Elastic and get insights directly from Elastic [Vulnerability Findings page](https://www.elastic.co/docs/solutions/security/cloud/findings-page-3).

> This update adds [Elastic Latest Transform](https://www.elastic.co/docs/explore-analyze/transforms/transform-overview#latest-transform-overview) which copies the latest vulnerability findings from source indices macthing the pattern `logs-tenable_io.vulnerability-*` into new destination indices matching the pattern `security_solution-tenable_io.vulnerability_latest-*`. The Elastic Vulnerability Findings page will display vulnerablities based on the destination indices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This update adds [Elastic Latest Transform](https://www.elastic.co/docs/explore-analyze/transforms/transform-overview#latest-transform-overview) which copies the latest vulnerability findings from source indices matching the pattern `logs-tenable_io.vulnerability-*` into new destination indices matching the pattern `security_solution-tenable_io.vulnerability_latest-*`. The Elastic Vulnerability Findings page will display vulnerabilities based on the destination indices.
```

For existing users of Tenable Vulnerability Management integration, before upgrading to `4.0.0` please ensure following requirements are met:

1. Users need [Elastic Security solution](https://www.elastic.co/docs/solutions/security) which has requirements documented [here](https://www.elastic.co/docs/solutions/security/get-started/elastic-security-requirements).
2. To use transforms, users must have:
   - at least one [transform node](https://www.elastic.co/docs/deploy-manage/distributed-architecture/clusters-nodes-shards/node-roles#transform-node-role),
   - management features visible in the Kibana space, and
   - security privileges that:
     - grant use of transforms, and
     - grant access to source and destination indices
   For more details on Transform Setup, refer to the link [here](https://www.elastic.co/docs/explore-analyze/transforms/transform-setup)

> 3. Because the latest copy of vulnerabilities is now indexed in 2 places, i.e., in both source and destination indices, users must anticipate storage requirements accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Because the latest copy of vulnerabilities is now indexed in two places, i.e., in both source and destination indices, users must anticipate storage requirements accordingly.
```
